Fix/lifecycle webhooks (#1097)
mittwald/developer-portal: docs/contribution/30-overview/3-concepts/2-lifecycle-webhooks.mdx

The Extension defines the endpoints mittwald uses to send lifecycle updates in its configuration.
The lifecycle updates are sent via a POST request.

The webhooks are not required for a functional Extension.

> They can provide state outside of the mStudio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webhooks are optional for a functional Extension. They are only required if the state needs to be saved outside of mStudio.
```
